DOC-2363: New `index.js` file that includes all plugin resources. (#3246)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== New `index.js` file that includes all plugin resources.
// #TINY-10778

Previously, integrating {productname} and its premium plugins necessitated the separate inclusion of the `plugin.js` file along with the corresponding resource API-loaded CSS files. This approach often led to complications due to inconsistent naming conventions for our CSS files, making bundling a cumbersome process.

To address this, {productname} {release-version} has included `index.js` files to each premium plugin, which will consolidate all necessary resources.

As a result, when bundling from a distribution bundle or `.zip` build, by including all the {productname} imports for each plugin such as in a `all.js` file for example;

[source, js]
----
import './plugins/a11ychecker';
import './plugins/advcode';
import './plugins/advtable';
import './plugins/advtemplate';
----

> and using a module bundler such as link:https://esbuild.github.io/[esbuild], will now load all the specific plugins from the `all.js` file, without the need to load any additional resources.

Reviewer: I wonder if we need to specify any bundler here or a reference to the `all.js` file. If they want details they can read the bundling docs that you have? So maybe make this one simpler.

Author: ```suggestion
all the specific plugins will load without the need of any additional resources.

For more information on bundling with {productname}, see xref:bundling-plugins.adoc[bundling plugins]
```
